
OSM ID: -2086, predicted classes: 

highway footway
highway residential
highway trunk
highway pedestrian
highway service
service parking_aisle
leisure park
highway primary
highway tertiary
shop department_store

OSM ID: -2084, predicted classes: 

highway footway
highway residential
highway trunk
highway pedestrian
highway service
service parking_aisle
leisure park
highway primary
highway tertiary
shop department_store

OSM ID: 10741722, predicted classes: 

highway residential
highway pedestrian
highway primary
highway tertiary_link
highway service
highway footway
highway tertiary
service parking_aisle
landuse commercial
leisure park

OSM ID: 10741731, predicted classes: 

highway residential
highway primary
leisure park
highway tertiary
highway service
highway pedestrian
landuse residential
landuse commercial
landuse recreation_ground
highway tertiary_link

OSM ID: 10741733, predicted classes: 

highway primary
building
highway residential
highway footway
highway tertiary_link
highway tertiary
service parking_aisle
highway service
highway trunk
shop department_store

OSM ID: 10976958, predicted classes: 

highway residential
highway primary
highway pedestrian
highway footway
landuse recreation_ground
highway service
highway tertiary
service parking_aisle
highway tertiary_link
highway trunk

OSM ID: 10976960, predicted classes: 

highway residential
highway primary
highway tertiary_link
highway tertiary
highway footway
service parking_aisle
highway service
building
highway pedestrian
leisure park

OSM ID: 10976970, predicted classes: 

highway residential
highway pedestrian
highway service
service parking_aisle
highway tertiary
highway footway
landuse commercial
leisure park
highway tertiary_link
shop kiosk

OSM ID: 10976972, predicted classes: 

highway residential
highway primary
highway pedestrian
highway tertiary_link
landuse recreation_ground
highway service
highway footway
highway tertiary
service parking_aisle
highway trunk

OSM ID: 23182962, predicted classes: 

highway primary
highway service
highway tertiary_link
highway tertiary
service parking_aisle
highway footway
building
highway pedestrian
highway residential
highway trunk

OSM ID: 23183390, predicted classes: 

highway residential
highway pedestrian
landuse residential
highway primary
shop kiosk
highway trunk
amenity place_of_worship
landuse railway
shop department_store
leisure park

OSM ID: 23183910, predicted classes: 

highway pedestrian
highway footway
highway residential
highway service
railway subway
landuse commercial
highway trunk
landuse residential
service parking_aisle
leisure park

OSM ID: 23183922, predicted classes: 

highway residential
highway pedestrian
highway footway
highway service
highway tertiary
leisure park
landuse commercial
highway trunk
service parking_aisle
shop department_store

OSM ID: 23183924, predicted classes: 

highway pedestrian
highway footway
landuse residential
highway residential
highway service
highway trunk
highway primary
highway tertiary
service parking_aisle
leisure park

OSM ID: 23183931, predicted classes: 

highway residential
highway pedestrian
highway trunk
landuse commercial
highway footway
service parking_aisle
highway tertiary
highway primary
leisure park
highway tertiary_link

OSM ID: 23183936, predicted classes: 

highway residential
highway primary
highway footway
highway tertiary_link
highway tertiary
service parking_aisle
highway service
leisure park
highway trunk
shop department_store

OSM ID: 23183939, predicted classes: 

highway residential
highway primary
highway tertiary_link
landuse railway
highway service
service parking_aisle
highway pedestrian
highway tertiary
railway subway
highway footway

OSM ID: 23184258, predicted classes: 

highway pedestrian
highway footway
highway residential
landuse recreation_ground
highway tertiary_link
highway tertiary
highway service
leisure park
highway trunk
shop department_store

OSM ID: 23184691, predicted classes: 

highway primary
highway residential
landuse commercial
highway footway
highway pedestrian
highway tertiary_link
highway tertiary
highway service
service parking_aisle
amenity place_of_worship

OSM ID: 23216723, predicted classes: 

highway pedestrian
highway primary
highway residential
highway trunk
highway footway
service parking_aisle
highway tertiary
leisure park
highway tertiary_link
shop department_store

OSM ID: 24218743, predicted classes: 

highway primary
highway pedestrian
highway tertiary_link
highway footway
tourism attraction
landuse recreation_ground
leisure park
highway tertiary
service parking_aisle
shop kiosk

OSM ID: 24219322, predicted classes: 

highway primary
highway pedestrian
highway footway
highway trunk
amenity place_of_worship
tourism attraction
landuse recreation_ground
shop department_store
shop kiosk
highway tertiary_link

OSM ID: 24259036, predicted classes: 

highway pedestrian
highway footway
highway residential
landuse residential
highway primary
highway service
service parking_aisle
highway tertiary
highway tertiary_link
landuse commercial

OSM ID: 25107859, predicted classes: 

building
landuse residential
amenity place_of_worship
shop kiosk
shop department_store
highway trunk
landuse recreation_ground
tourism attraction
leisure park
landuse railway

OSM ID: 25107863, predicted classes: 

building
landuse commercial
shop department_store
leisure park
shop kiosk
highway service
highway trunk
amenity place_of_worship
landuse recreation_ground
highway tertiary_link

OSM ID: 25107870, predicted classes: 

building
highway residential
leisure park
landuse recreation_ground
landuse commercial
shop kiosk
highway pedestrian
landuse residential
shop department_store
amenity place_of_worship

OSM ID: 25107892, predicted classes: 

building
landuse residential
landuse commercial
highway pedestrian
highway service
leisure park
shop kiosk
landuse recreation_ground
shop department_store
amenity place_of_worship

OSM ID: 25107906, predicted classes: 

landuse commercial
building
landuse residential
highway pedestrian
leisure park
shop kiosk
railway subway
landuse recreation_ground
highway service
shop department_store

OSM ID: 27362480, predicted classes: 

highway primary
highway pedestrian
tourism attraction
landuse commercial
landuse recreation_ground
railway subway
amenity place_of_worship
shop kiosk
shop department_store
leisure park

OSM ID: 32225844, predicted classes: 

railway subway
highway primary
highway tertiary_link
amenity place_of_worship
tourism attraction
shop kiosk
service parking_aisle
highway trunk
shop department_store
highway tertiary

OSM ID: 32226826, predicted classes: 

highway footway
highway tertiary_link
highway residential
building
highway primary
highway tertiary
service parking_aisle
shop kiosk
landuse commercial
shop department_store

OSM ID: 32295538, predicted classes: 

highway primary
highway pedestrian
railway subway
highway tertiary_link
amenity place_of_worship
highway residential
building
service parking_aisle
highway trunk
shop department_store

OSM ID: 32295709, predicted classes: 

highway primary
highway residential
highway pedestrian
highway footway
highway tertiary
highway tertiary_link
service parking_aisle
highway service
leisure park
highway trunk

OSM ID: 32357772, predicted classes: 

highway residential
highway primary
highway pedestrian
highway service
tourism attraction
highway tertiary_link
landuse commercial
highway tertiary
amenity place_of_worship
service parking_aisle

OSM ID: 32357784, predicted classes: 

highway footway
highway residential
highway pedestrian
highway service
highway trunk
highway tertiary
service parking_aisle
landuse commercial
leisure park
shop department_store

OSM ID: 32357785, predicted classes: 

highway residential
landuse residential
highway primary
highway tertiary_link
highway tertiary
highway pedestrian
service parking_aisle
amenity place_of_worship
highway trunk
shop department_store

OSM ID: 50005014, predicted classes: 

highway service
highway footway
highway pedestrian
landuse commercial
highway trunk
highway primary
highway tertiary
service parking_aisle
leisure park
shop department_store

OSM ID: 50005702, predicted classes: 

highway pedestrian
highway residential
highway footway
highway service
railway subway
highway trunk
landuse commercial
leisure park
service parking_aisle
shop department_store

OSM ID: 52080449, predicted classes: 

highway pedestrian
highway residential
highway footway
highway service
highway tertiary_link
shop kiosk
highway tertiary
service parking_aisle
landuse commercial
leisure park

OSM ID: 52082519, predicted classes: 

highway pedestrian
highway footway
highway service
highway tertiary
leisure park
highway residential
landuse commercial
highway trunk
service parking_aisle
shop department_store

OSM ID: 52493381, predicted classes: 

highway primary
highway footway
highway pedestrian
highway residential
highway tertiary_link
highway tertiary
service parking_aisle
leisure park
highway trunk
shop department_store

OSM ID: 52493439, predicted classes: 

highway residential
highway service
highway pedestrian
highway primary
service parking_aisle
landuse recreation_ground
highway footway
highway tertiary_link
highway tertiary
leisure park

OSM ID: 52493440, predicted classes: 

highway footway
highway residential
highway pedestrian
highway tertiary_link
highway tertiary
landuse residential
service parking_aisle
highway service
leisure park
highway trunk

OSM ID: 52493441, predicted classes: 

highway footway
highway residential
highway primary
highway pedestrian
highway tertiary_link
service parking_aisle
highway tertiary
highway service
shop department_store
leisure park

OSM ID: 80306381, predicted classes: 

building
tourism attraction
amenity place_of_worship
shop department_store
landuse residential
shop kiosk
highway trunk
leisure park
landuse railway
highway tertiary_link

OSM ID: 80307801, predicted classes: 

building
landuse residential
amenity place_of_worship
tourism attraction
shop department_store
shop kiosk
highway trunk
landuse recreation_ground
landuse railway
leisure park

OSM ID: 82682811, predicted classes: 

landuse residential
landuse commercial
building
landuse recreation_ground
highway pedestrian
leisure park
shop kiosk
shop department_store
highway service
highway trunk

OSM ID: 85383428, predicted classes: 

highway residential
highway primary
highway tertiary_link
highway trunk
highway footway
service parking_aisle
highway pedestrian
leisure park
highway tertiary
shop department_store

OSM ID: 86378183, predicted classes: 

highway residential
highway primary
highway tertiary_link
highway pedestrian
highway service
railway subway
service parking_aisle
highway footway
highway tertiary
landuse commercial

OSM ID: 86378188, predicted classes: 

landuse commercial
building
highway pedestrian
highway service
leisure park
landuse residential
highway tertiary
shop kiosk
landuse recreation_ground
shop department_store

OSM ID: 86378194, predicted classes: 

highway residential
highway footway
highway service
highway pedestrian
highway trunk
landuse commercial
leisure park
service parking_aisle
highway tertiary
shop department_store

OSM ID: 86378200, predicted classes: 

landuse residential
building
landuse commercial
highway service
amenity place_of_worship
shop kiosk
shop department_store
landuse recreation_ground
highway trunk
leisure park

OSM ID: 86494804, predicted classes: 

landuse commercial
landuse residential
building
highway service
highway pedestrian
leisure park
tourism attraction
landuse recreation_ground
shop kiosk
highway residential

OSM ID: 86494806, predicted classes: 

landuse commercial
landuse residential
building
leisure park
highway pedestrian
landuse recreation_ground
shop kiosk
highway service
shop department_store
highway trunk

OSM ID: 101521214, predicted classes: 

highway primary
highway service
highway pedestrian
landuse residential
highway trunk
landuse commercial
railway subway
highway tertiary
highway residential
service parking_aisle

OSM ID: 115333515, predicted classes: 

landuse residential
landuse commercial
building
highway pedestrian
leisure park
railway subway
landuse recreation_ground
shop kiosk
highway service
shop department_store

OSM ID: 115333533, predicted classes: 

landuse residential
building
landuse commercial
highway residential
amenity place_of_worship
shop kiosk
shop department_store
highway trunk
landuse recreation_ground
landuse railway

OSM ID: 132933991, predicted classes: 

landuse recreation_ground
building
leisure park
highway primary
landuse residential
highway pedestrian
highway residential
tourism attraction
shop kiosk
amenity place_of_worship

OSM ID: 147707501, predicted classes: 

highway pedestrian
highway residential
highway service
highway footway
highway tertiary
leisure park
landuse commercial
highway tertiary_link
service parking_aisle
highway primary

OSM ID: 147707510, predicted classes: 

highway footway
highway pedestrian
highway service
highway residential
highway trunk
highway primary
highway tertiary
service parking_aisle
leisure park
shop department_store

OSM ID: 147707513, predicted classes: 

highway footway
highway residential
highway trunk
highway pedestrian
highway service
service parking_aisle
leisure park
highway primary
highway tertiary
shop department_store

OSM ID: 147710904, predicted classes: 

service parking_aisle
highway primary
highway residential
highway service
highway footway
building
highway tertiary_link
highway tertiary
leisure park
highway pedestrian

OSM ID: 148724096, predicted classes: 

highway footway
highway residential
highway service
highway pedestrian
highway trunk
landuse commercial
leisure park
service parking_aisle
highway tertiary
shop department_store

OSM ID: 148731402, predicted classes: 

highway footway
highway pedestrian
highway residential
highway service
landuse recreation_ground
highway trunk
highway tertiary
service parking_aisle
leisure park
shop department_store

OSM ID: 148731405, predicted classes: 

highway footway
highway residential
highway pedestrian
highway service
highway trunk
highway tertiary
service parking_aisle
landuse commercial
leisure park
shop department_store

OSM ID: 149889360, predicted classes: 

highway footway
highway pedestrian
highway service
highway residential
highway trunk
highway primary
highway tertiary
service parking_aisle
leisure park
shop department_store

OSM ID: 168725549, predicted classes: 

highway primary
highway tertiary_link
highway residential
service parking_aisle
tourism attraction
amenity place_of_worship
highway trunk
leisure park
landuse recreation_ground
building

OSM ID: 168737311, predicted classes: 

highway primary
highway residential
highway footway
landuse residential
landuse recreation_ground
highway tertiary_link
service parking_aisle
highway tertiary
highway service
leisure park

OSM ID: 168904430, predicted classes: 

highway primary
highway residential
landuse residential
highway trunk
amenity place_of_worship
shop department_store
shop kiosk
highway tertiary_link
highway tertiary
railway subway

OSM ID: 170980978, predicted classes: 

building
highway residential
shop kiosk
highway tertiary_link
landuse residential
amenity place_of_worship
shop department_store
tourism attraction
landuse railway
leisure park

OSM ID: 170980983, predicted classes: 

building
leisure park
shop kiosk
amenity place_of_worship
shop department_store
landuse commercial
highway tertiary_link
landuse railway
tourism attraction
highway trunk

OSM ID: 170980985, predicted classes: 

building
landuse railway
shop kiosk
service parking_aisle
amenity place_of_worship
shop department_store
landuse recreation_ground
landuse residential
tourism attraction
highway service

OSM ID: 170981077, predicted classes: 

building
highway pedestrian
tourism attraction
shop kiosk
amenity place_of_worship
shop department_store
highway trunk
leisure park
highway service
service parking_aisle

OSM ID: 170981082, predicted classes: 

building
highway tertiary_link
leisure park
landuse commercial
shop kiosk
shop department_store
highway residential
amenity place_of_worship
highway tertiary
landuse recreation_ground

OSM ID: 170981087, predicted classes: 

building
highway footway
highway tertiary_link
landuse residential
shop kiosk
shop department_store
leisure park
amenity place_of_worship
landuse railway
service parking_aisle

OSM ID: 170981091, predicted classes: 

building
highway footway
highway tertiary_link
shop department_store
shop kiosk
leisure park
amenity place_of_worship
landuse railway
service parking_aisle
tourism attraction

OSM ID: 170981092, predicted classes: 

building
leisure park
amenity place_of_worship
highway pedestrian
landuse commercial
shop kiosk
shop department_store
highway service
highway trunk
landuse recreation_ground

OSM ID: 170981093, predicted classes: 

building
service parking_aisle
landuse residential
leisure park
landuse recreation_ground
highway service
shop kiosk
shop department_store
amenity place_of_worship
highway trunk

OSM ID: 170981098, predicted classes: 

building
highway footway
highway tertiary_link
landuse residential
leisure park
shop kiosk
shop department_store
amenity place_of_worship
highway tertiary
landuse recreation_ground

OSM ID: 170981100, predicted classes: 

building
landuse residential
amenity place_of_worship
shop kiosk
shop department_store
highway trunk
service parking_aisle
landuse recreation_ground
leisure park
highway service

OSM ID: 170981101, predicted classes: 

building
highway residential
amenity place_of_worship
shop department_store
highway trunk
shop kiosk
landuse railway
landuse recreation_ground
tourism attraction
highway tertiary

OSM ID: 170981102, predicted classes: 

building
highway pedestrian
landuse commercial
leisure park
landuse recreation_ground
shop kiosk
amenity place_of_worship
highway service
highway trunk
shop department_store

OSM ID: 170981103, predicted classes: 

building
amenity place_of_worship
landuse recreation_ground
leisure park
landuse railway
highway residential
shop department_store
highway trunk
shop kiosk
landuse commercial

OSM ID: 170981110, predicted classes: 

building
leisure park
shop department_store
highway service
landuse residential
shop kiosk
highway trunk
amenity place_of_worship
highway tertiary_link
highway tertiary

OSM ID: 170981112, predicted classes: 

building
highway service
leisure park
highway trunk
shop department_store
landuse commercial
shop kiosk
amenity place_of_worship
landuse recreation_ground
highway tertiary

OSM ID: 170981113, predicted classes: 

building
leisure park
highway tertiary
amenity place_of_worship
highway trunk
landuse recreation_ground
shop department_store
landuse residential
shop kiosk
landuse commercial

OSM ID: 170981116, predicted classes: 

building
leisure park
amenity place_of_worship
highway trunk
shop department_store
landuse recreation_ground
landuse residential
shop kiosk
highway service
highway tertiary

OSM ID: 170981120, predicted classes: 

highway tertiary
highway pedestrian
highway service
leisure park
railway subway
landuse commercial
highway residential
highway tertiary_link
highway primary
highway footway

OSM ID: 170981123, predicted classes: 

highway footway
highway tertiary_link
highway primary
highway pedestrian
building
highway tertiary
service parking_aisle
leisure park
shop kiosk
shop department_store

OSM ID: 170982498, predicted classes: 

building
highway residential
tourism attraction
landuse commercial
shop kiosk
highway tertiary_link
shop department_store
amenity place_of_worship
landuse railway
leisure park

OSM ID: 170982499, predicted classes: 

building
landuse commercial
leisure park
highway service
highway pedestrian
shop department_store
highway trunk
amenity place_of_worship
landuse recreation_ground
highway tertiary_link

OSM ID: 170982500, predicted classes: 

building
highway service
landuse commercial
leisure park
shop kiosk
shop department_store
highway trunk
amenity place_of_worship
landuse recreation_ground
highway tertiary

OSM ID: 170982501, predicted classes: 

building
highway primary
landuse residential
leisure park
shop kiosk
highway service
service parking_aisle
shop department_store
highway trunk
amenity place_of_worship

OSM ID: 170982502, predicted classes: 

building
highway tertiary_link
leisure park
shop kiosk
shop department_store
highway residential
amenity place_of_worship
landuse railway
service parking_aisle
tourism attraction

OSM ID: 170982503, predicted classes: 

building
highway service
leisure park
shop department_store
shop kiosk
highway trunk
amenity place_of_worship
landuse recreation_ground
highway tertiary
highway tertiary_link

OSM ID: 170982504, predicted classes: 

building
highway pedestrian
landuse commercial
leisure park
shop kiosk
shop department_store
highway trunk
amenity place_of_worship
highway tertiary_link
highway tertiary

OSM ID: 170982506, predicted classes: 

building
landuse commercial
shop kiosk
leisure park
shop department_store
highway trunk
highway service
amenity place_of_worship
highway tertiary
highway tertiary_link

OSM ID: 170982507, predicted classes: 

building
highway pedestrian
leisure park
service parking_aisle
shop kiosk
shop department_store
highway trunk
amenity place_of_worship
landuse recreation_ground
landuse commercial

OSM ID: 170982508, predicted classes: 

building
highway pedestrian
landuse commercial
highway footway
leisure park
highway service
shop kiosk
shop department_store
highway trunk
amenity place_of_worship

OSM ID: 189063910, predicted classes: 

highway primary
landuse residential
service parking_aisle
highway service
landuse recreation_ground
landuse commercial
highway residential
tourism attraction
highway pedestrian
leisure park

OSM ID: 189063911, predicted classes: 

highway primary
highway residential
service parking_aisle
highway pedestrian
highway service
highway tertiary_link
highway tertiary
building
leisure park
shop kiosk

OSM ID: 189063912, predicted classes: 

highway primary
highway service
landuse commercial
highway footway
highway tertiary_link
service parking_aisle
amenity place_of_worship
highway pedestrian
shop department_store
leisure park

OSM ID: 191573848, predicted classes: 

highway footway
highway pedestrian
highway residential
highway primary
highway tertiary_link
highway service
service parking_aisle
highway tertiary
landuse commercial
leisure park

OSM ID: 193384057, predicted classes: 

building
highway primary
amenity place_of_worship
tourism attraction
shop kiosk
shop department_store
highway trunk
landuse recreation_ground
leisure park
landuse railway

OSM ID: 193384060, predicted classes: 

leisure park
landuse commercial
building
highway pedestrian
landuse recreation_ground
highway service
highway tertiary
shop kiosk
shop department_store
highway trunk

OSM ID: 193423337, predicted classes: 

building
shop kiosk
highway footway
landuse railway
landuse commercial
leisure park
landuse recreation_ground
highway pedestrian
landuse residential
shop department_store

OSM ID: 193423338, predicted classes: 

building
landuse railway
shop kiosk
leisure park
landuse recreation_ground
landuse commercial
shop department_store
amenity place_of_worship
landuse residential
highway tertiary_link

OSM ID: 193423340, predicted classes: 

building
shop kiosk
highway footway
landuse railway
landuse commercial
highway tertiary_link
leisure park
shop department_store
amenity place_of_worship
landuse recreation_ground

OSM ID: 193423341, predicted classes: 

building
highway footway
shop kiosk
landuse railway
landuse commercial
leisure park
landuse recreation_ground
landuse residential
shop department_store
amenity place_of_worship

OSM ID: 193423343, predicted classes: 

building
highway tertiary
shop kiosk
landuse railway
landuse commercial
highway footway
landuse recreation_ground
leisure park
landuse residential
shop department_store

OSM ID: 193423345, predicted classes: 

building
shop kiosk
landuse railway
landuse commercial
leisure park
highway pedestrian
landuse recreation_ground
landuse residential
shop department_store
amenity place_of_worship

OSM ID: 193423346, predicted classes: 

building
shop kiosk
highway footway
landuse railway
landuse commercial
leisure park
landuse recreation_ground
highway pedestrian
landuse residential
shop department_store

OSM ID: 193423347, predicted classes: 

building
landuse railway
leisure park
landuse commercial
shop kiosk
landuse residential
shop department_store
amenity place_of_worship
landuse recreation_ground
highway footway

OSM ID: 193423348, predicted classes: 

building
highway tertiary_link
shop kiosk
landuse railway
highway pedestrian
landuse commercial
leisure park
landuse recreation_ground
landuse residential
shop department_store

OSM ID: 193423349, predicted classes: 

building
highway tertiary_link
shop kiosk
landuse railway
highway pedestrian
landuse commercial
leisure park
landuse recreation_ground
landuse residential
shop department_store

OSM ID: 193423350, predicted classes: 

building
landuse railway
leisure park
landuse commercial
shop kiosk
landuse residential
shop department_store
amenity place_of_worship
landuse recreation_ground
highway footway

OSM ID: 193423351, predicted classes: 

building
landuse commercial
shop kiosk
landuse railway
leisure park
highway footway
landuse recreation_ground
shop department_store
amenity place_of_worship
highway tertiary

OSM ID: 193423352, predicted classes: 

building
shop kiosk
landuse railway
highway tertiary_link
landuse commercial
shop department_store
amenity place_of_worship
leisure park
highway tertiary
service parking_aisle

OSM ID: 193423353, predicted classes: 

building
landuse railway
leisure park
landuse commercial
shop kiosk
landuse residential
shop department_store
amenity place_of_worship
landuse recreation_ground
highway footway

OSM ID: 193423355, predicted classes: 

highway pedestrian
highway residential
tourism attraction
building
highway footway
highway tertiary_link
landuse commercial
landuse railway
shop department_store
leisure park

OSM ID: 193423356, predicted classes: 

highway footway
highway tertiary_link
highway pedestrian
highway trunk
highway service
service parking_aisle
highway tertiary
building
leisure park
highway primary

OSM ID: 193423357, predicted classes: 

highway footway
highway residential
building
highway pedestrian
highway tertiary_link
highway trunk
service parking_aisle
landuse commercial
highway tertiary
highway service

OSM ID: 193423358, predicted classes: 

highway footway
highway pedestrian
highway service
highway residential
highway trunk
highway primary
highway tertiary
service parking_aisle
leisure park
shop department_store

OSM ID: 193423359, predicted classes: 

highway footway
highway tertiary_link
highway pedestrian
highway trunk
highway service
service parking_aisle
highway tertiary
building
leisure park
highway primary

OSM ID: 193423360, predicted classes: 

highway footway
highway pedestrian
highway service
highway residential
highway trunk
highway primary
highway tertiary
service parking_aisle
leisure park
shop department_store

OSM ID: 193423361, predicted classes: 

highway footway
highway residential
highway service
highway primary
highway trunk
landuse railway
highway pedestrian
leisure park
highway tertiary
shop kiosk

OSM ID: 193423362, predicted classes: 

highway footway
highway residential
building
highway pedestrian
highway tertiary_link
highway trunk
service parking_aisle
landuse commercial
highway tertiary
highway service

OSM ID: 193423363, predicted classes: 

highway footway
highway primary
highway service
highway pedestrian
highway trunk
service parking_aisle
highway tertiary
shop department_store
leisure park
highway residential

OSM ID: 193423364, predicted classes: 

highway footway
highway residential
building
highway pedestrian
highway tertiary_link
highway trunk
service parking_aisle
landuse commercial
highway tertiary
highway service

OSM ID: 193423365, predicted classes: 

highway footway
highway residential
highway service
highway primary
highway trunk
landuse railway
highway pedestrian
leisure park
highway tertiary
shop kiosk

OSM ID: 193423366, predicted classes: 

highway footway
highway residential
highway pedestrian
highway service
highway trunk
highway tertiary
service parking_aisle
landuse commercial
leisure park
shop department_store

OSM ID: 193423367, predicted classes: 

highway footway
highway primary
highway service
highway pedestrian
highway trunk
service parking_aisle
highway tertiary
leisure park
shop department_store
landuse commercial

OSM ID: 193423368, predicted classes: 

highway footway
highway primary
highway tertiary_link
highway pedestrian
building
service parking_aisle
highway tertiary
leisure park
shop department_store
shop kiosk

OSM ID: 193423369, predicted classes: 

highway footway
highway residential
highway primary
highway pedestrian
landuse recreation_ground
highway tertiary_link
highway service
highway tertiary
service parking_aisle
shop kiosk

OSM ID: 193423370, predicted classes: 

highway footway
highway primary
highway residential
highway pedestrian
highway tertiary_link
highway tertiary
service parking_aisle
highway service
leisure park
highway trunk

OSM ID: 193423371, predicted classes: 

highway footway
highway residential
highway tertiary_link
highway primary
highway tertiary
service parking_aisle
highway pedestrian
highway service
leisure park
shop department_store

OSM ID: 193423372, predicted classes: 

highway footway
highway pedestrian
highway primary
highway tertiary_link
highway tertiary
service parking_aisle
shop kiosk
highway service
highway residential
leisure park

OSM ID: 193423373, predicted classes: 

highway footway
building
highway primary
highway residential
highway tertiary_link
highway tertiary
service parking_aisle
leisure park
shop department_store
shop kiosk

OSM ID: 193423374, predicted classes: 

highway footway
highway pedestrian
tourism attraction
highway tertiary_link
service parking_aisle
railway subway
highway residential
amenity place_of_worship
highway service
highway trunk

OSM ID: 193423376, predicted classes: 

highway footway
highway residential
highway primary
highway pedestrian
highway tertiary_link
highway tertiary
service parking_aisle
landuse residential
building
highway service

OSM ID: 193423377, predicted classes: 

highway footway
highway primary
highway residential
highway pedestrian
highway tertiary_link
highway service
service parking_aisle
building
highway tertiary
amenity place_of_worship

OSM ID: 193423378, predicted classes: 

highway footway
highway residential
highway pedestrian
highway primary
landuse commercial
highway tertiary_link
highway tertiary
service parking_aisle
highway service
tourism attraction

OSM ID: 193423380, predicted classes: 

highway pedestrian
highway primary
highway footway
highway residential
highway tertiary
service parking_aisle
highway tertiary_link
highway service
leisure park
highway trunk

OSM ID: 207971475, predicted classes: 

highway primary
highway residential
railway subway
highway footway
landuse residential
building
highway trunk
highway tertiary_link
shop department_store
amenity place_of_worship

OSM ID: 222798484, predicted classes: 

highway footway
highway primary
highway pedestrian
highway tertiary_link
highway service
service parking_aisle
building
highway tertiary
leisure park
shop department_store

OSM ID: 222798498, predicted classes: 

highway primary
highway footway
highway residential
highway service
highway tertiary_link
highway tertiary
service parking_aisle
building
landuse commercial
highway pedestrian

OSM ID: 224780584, predicted classes: 

building
landuse railway
leisure park
landuse commercial
shop kiosk
landuse residential
shop department_store
amenity place_of_worship
landuse recreation_ground
highway footway

OSM ID: 224780585, predicted classes: 

building
landuse railway
leisure park
landuse commercial
shop kiosk
landuse residential
shop department_store
amenity place_of_worship
landuse recreation_ground
highway footway

OSM ID: 224780592, predicted classes: 

building
highway residential
landuse commercial
amenity place_of_worship
tourism attraction
leisure park
shop kiosk
shop department_store
highway trunk
landuse recreation_ground

OSM ID: 224780602, predicted classes: 

building
highway service
service parking_aisle
landuse commercial
leisure park
shop kiosk
shop department_store
highway trunk
amenity place_of_worship
highway tertiary

OSM ID: 224780603, predicted classes: 

building
highway primary
railway subway
highway tertiary_link
shop kiosk
landuse residential
shop department_store
amenity place_of_worship
landuse railway
tourism attraction

OSM ID: 224816475, predicted classes: 

highway residential
highway primary
highway trunk
highway footway
highway pedestrian
landuse railway
service parking_aisle
highway tertiary
highway tertiary_link
leisure park

OSM ID: 224837915, predicted classes: 

building
landuse residential
shop kiosk
amenity place_of_worship
shop department_store
highway tertiary_link
landuse railway
tourism attraction
highway trunk
service parking_aisle

OSM ID: 224837917, predicted classes: 

building
highway tertiary_link
landuse residential
shop department_store
shop kiosk
amenity place_of_worship
tourism attraction
leisure park
landuse recreation_ground
highway trunk

OSM ID: 224837931, predicted classes: 

building
highway primary
railway subway
shop kiosk
highway tertiary_link
landuse residential
amenity place_of_worship
shop department_store
tourism attraction
landuse railway

OSM ID: 224837942, predicted classes: 

building
highway footway
shop kiosk
highway tertiary_link
shop department_store
amenity place_of_worship
landuse residential
landuse commercial
leisure park
landuse railway

OSM ID: 224837952, predicted classes: 

building
landuse residential
leisure park
landuse commercial
shop kiosk
shop department_store
highway service
highway trunk
landuse recreation_ground
highway tertiary

OSM ID: 224837960, predicted classes: 

building
highway footway
highway pedestrian
amenity place_of_worship
shop kiosk
shop department_store
highway trunk
landuse residential
leisure park
highway service

OSM ID: 224837961, predicted classes: 

building
highway footway
highway pedestrian
amenity place_of_worship
shop kiosk
shop department_store
highway trunk
landuse residential
leisure park
highway service

OSM ID: 224837962, predicted classes: 

building
highway residential
service parking_aisle
highway service
leisure park
landuse residential
landuse recreation_ground
shop kiosk
shop department_store
amenity place_of_worship

OSM ID: 224837964, predicted classes: 

building
highway footway
highway pedestrian
amenity place_of_worship
shop kiosk
shop department_store
highway trunk
landuse residential
leisure park
highway service

OSM ID: 225608247, predicted classes: 

building
highway primary
railway subway
leisure park
landuse commercial
shop kiosk
landuse recreation_ground
shop department_store
landuse railway
highway trunk

OSM ID: 225608250, predicted classes: 

building
landuse commercial
leisure park
highway pedestrian
landuse recreation_ground
highway service
shop kiosk
shop department_store
highway trunk
highway tertiary

OSM ID: 225608252, predicted classes: 

building
highway footway
highway tertiary_link
shop kiosk
leisure park
shop department_store
amenity place_of_worship
landuse railway
highway trunk
tourism attraction

OSM ID: 225608253, predicted classes: 

building
highway footway
highway tertiary_link
leisure park
shop kiosk
shop department_store
landuse residential
amenity place_of_worship
landuse railway
service parking_aisle

OSM ID: 225608254, predicted classes: 

building
highway footway
highway tertiary_link
leisure park
shop department_store
shop kiosk
amenity place_of_worship
landuse railway
service parking_aisle
tourism attraction

OSM ID: 225608255, predicted classes: 

building
highway footway
highway tertiary_link
leisure park
shop kiosk
shop department_store
landuse residential
amenity place_of_worship
landuse railway
service parking_aisle

OSM ID: 225608256, predicted classes: 

building
amenity place_of_worship
shop department_store
highway trunk
shop kiosk
landuse residential
landuse railway
tourism attraction
landuse recreation_ground
highway tertiary

OSM ID: 225608258, predicted classes: 

building
highway primary
highway tertiary_link
landuse residential
amenity place_of_worship
shop kiosk
shop department_store
leisure park
tourism attraction
landuse railway

OSM ID: 225608260, predicted classes: 

building
highway footway
highway tertiary_link
landuse residential
amenity place_of_worship
shop department_store
shop kiosk
leisure park
landuse railway
highway tertiary

OSM ID: 225608263, predicted classes: 

building
highway residential
tourism attraction
landuse residential
amenity place_of_worship
shop kiosk
shop department_store
highway trunk
landuse recreation_ground
leisure park

OSM ID: 225608264, predicted classes: 

building
highway residential
amenity place_of_worship
shop department_store
shop kiosk
highway trunk
landuse railway
tourism attraction
leisure park
highway primary

OSM ID: 225608266, predicted classes: 

building
highway pedestrian
landuse commercial
leisure park
landuse recreation_ground
amenity place_of_worship
tourism attraction
shop kiosk
shop department_store
highway trunk

OSM ID: 225906206, predicted classes: 

highway footway
highway pedestrian
highway service
highway trunk
highway primary
service parking_aisle
highway residential
amenity place_of_worship
shop department_store
leisure park

OSM ID: 225906207, predicted classes: 

highway footway
highway pedestrian
landuse residential
highway residential
highway service
highway trunk
highway primary
highway tertiary
service parking_aisle
leisure park

OSM ID: 225906218, predicted classes: 

building
shop kiosk
shop department_store
highway trunk
amenity place_of_worship
leisure park
highway service
landuse railway
landuse residential
service parking_aisle

OSM ID: 226984110, predicted classes: 

building
tourism attraction
amenity place_of_worship
highway primary
shop kiosk
shop department_store
highway trunk
landuse recreation_ground
landuse railway
leisure park

OSM ID: 226984111, predicted classes: 

building
shop kiosk
landuse residential
highway tertiary_link
amenity place_of_worship
shop department_store
tourism attraction
landuse railway
leisure park
landuse recreation_ground

OSM ID: 226984112, predicted classes: 

building
tourism attraction
amenity place_of_worship
shop department_store
landuse residential
shop kiosk
highway trunk
leisure park
landuse railway
highway tertiary_link

OSM ID: 226984113, predicted classes: 

building
highway primary
shop department_store
amenity place_of_worship
shop kiosk
highway trunk
landuse railway
leisure park
landuse recreation_ground
tourism attraction

OSM ID: 226984114, predicted classes: 

building
landuse residential
highway footway
shop kiosk
highway tertiary_link
shop department_store
amenity place_of_worship
landuse railway
leisure park
landuse recreation_ground

OSM ID: 226984115, predicted classes: 

building
highway tertiary_link
amenity place_of_worship
shop kiosk
shop department_store
landuse residential
tourism attraction
leisure park
highway primary
landuse recreation_ground

OSM ID: 226984116, predicted classes: 

building
shop kiosk
highway tertiary_link
landuse railway
shop department_store
landuse residential
amenity place_of_worship
leisure park
landuse commercial
tourism attraction

OSM ID: 226984117, predicted classes: 

building
highway footway
shop kiosk
landuse railway
landuse commercial
highway pedestrian
highway tertiary_link
leisure park
shop department_store
amenity place_of_worship

OSM ID: 226984118, predicted classes: 

building
landuse commercial
amenity place_of_worship
leisure park
shop department_store
highway trunk
highway service
tourism attraction
highway pedestrian
landuse recreation_ground

OSM ID: 226984119, predicted classes: 

building
shop kiosk
highway service
leisure park
landuse residential
shop department_store
highway trunk
amenity place_of_worship
landuse commercial
highway tertiary

OSM ID: 226984120, predicted classes: 

building
landuse commercial
shop kiosk
leisure park
shop department_store
highway trunk
highway service
highway pedestrian
landuse recreation_ground
highway tertiary

OSM ID: 226984121, predicted classes: 

building
highway footway
highway tertiary_link
shop kiosk
leisure park
shop department_store
amenity place_of_worship
landuse railway
tourism attraction
service parking_aisle

OSM ID: 226984122, predicted classes: 

building
highway footway
highway pedestrian
amenity place_of_worship
shop kiosk
shop department_store
highway trunk
landuse residential
leisure park
highway service

OSM ID: 226984123, predicted classes: 

building
highway tertiary_link
shop department_store
amenity place_of_worship
shop kiosk
tourism attraction
leisure park
landuse railway
highway tertiary
highway trunk

OSM ID: 226985315, predicted classes: 

building
highway primary
railway subway
landuse recreation_ground
shop kiosk
landuse railway
landuse residential
leisure park
tourism attraction
shop department_store

OSM ID: 226985317, predicted classes: 

building
highway pedestrian
landuse commercial
leisure park
shop kiosk
shop department_store
highway trunk
amenity place_of_worship
landuse recreation_ground
highway tertiary_link

OSM ID: 226985319, predicted classes: 

building
landuse commercial
highway pedestrian
amenity place_of_worship
tourism attraction
leisure park
shop department_store
shop kiosk
highway trunk
highway service

OSM ID: 226986551, predicted classes: 

building
shop kiosk
amenity place_of_worship
shop department_store
highway tertiary_link
landuse railway
tourism attraction
landuse residential
highway trunk
leisure park

OSM ID: 226986552, predicted classes: 

building
highway tertiary_link
shop kiosk
amenity place_of_worship
shop department_store
landuse residential
tourism attraction
landuse railway
landuse recreation_ground
highway trunk

OSM ID: 226986553, predicted classes: 

building
highway tertiary_link
shop kiosk
amenity place_of_worship
shop department_store
tourism attraction
landuse railway
highway trunk
highway tertiary
leisure park

OSM ID: 226986554, predicted classes: 

building
highway residential
service parking_aisle
leisure park
highway service
landuse residential
landuse recreation_ground
shop kiosk
shop department_store
highway trunk

OSM ID: 226986555, predicted classes: 

building
landuse commercial
leisure park
shop kiosk
highway service
shop department_store
highway trunk
amenity place_of_worship
highway tertiary
highway tertiary_link

OSM ID: 226986556, predicted classes: 

building
amenity place_of_worship
landuse commercial
highway pedestrian
tourism attraction
leisure park
shop kiosk
shop department_store
highway trunk
highway service

OSM ID: 226986557, predicted classes: 

building
landuse commercial
highway tertiary_link
highway footway
leisure park
tourism attraction
shop kiosk
shop department_store
highway pedestrian
amenity place_of_worship

OSM ID: 226986558, predicted classes: 

building
landuse residential
highway tertiary_link
highway footway
leisure park
shop kiosk
shop department_store
highway tertiary
amenity place_of_worship
landuse recreation_ground

OSM ID: 226986559, predicted classes: 

building
landuse commercial
highway pedestrian
tourism attraction
leisure park
shop kiosk
shop department_store
amenity place_of_worship
highway tertiary
highway tertiary_link

OSM ID: 226986560, predicted classes: 

building
landuse residential
landuse recreation_ground
highway primary
highway residential
tourism attraction
amenity place_of_worship
highway trunk
shop department_store
shop kiosk

OSM ID: 226986561, predicted classes: 

building
tourism attraction
highway residential
landuse commercial
amenity place_of_worship
shop department_store
shop kiosk
landuse recreation_ground
highway trunk
leisure park

OSM ID: 226986562, predicted classes: 

building
highway pedestrian
highway residential
tourism attraction
highway primary
amenity place_of_worship
highway trunk
shop department_store
shop kiosk
service parking_aisle

OSM ID: 226986563, predicted classes: 

highway primary
highway tertiary
highway residential
highway footway
service parking_aisle
highway service
highway tertiary_link
building
shop kiosk
highway trunk

OSM ID: 226986564, predicted classes: 

highway footway
highway residential
building
highway pedestrian
highway tertiary_link
highway trunk
service parking_aisle
landuse commercial
highway tertiary
highway service

OSM ID: 226986565, predicted classes: 

building
shop kiosk
highway tertiary_link
landuse railway
highway footway
leisure park
shop department_store
amenity place_of_worship
landuse recreation_ground
highway tertiary

OSM ID: 226986566, predicted classes: 

building
shop kiosk
landuse railway
highway tertiary_link
landuse commercial
shop department_store
amenity place_of_worship
leisure park
highway tertiary
service parking_aisle

OSM ID: 228599091, predicted classes: 

highway primary
highway footway
highway pedestrian
building
highway service
highway tertiary_link
service parking_aisle
highway tertiary
shop department_store
highway trunk

OSM ID: 228724496, predicted classes: 

building
tourism attraction
highway tertiary_link
highway residential
amenity place_of_worship
shop kiosk
shop department_store
landuse railway
landuse commercial
leisure park

OSM ID: 228724498, predicted classes: 

building
landuse railway
shop kiosk
amenity place_of_worship
shop department_store
landuse recreation_ground
landuse residential
tourism attraction
highway residential
leisure park

OSM ID: 228724499, predicted classes: 

building
landuse residential
shop kiosk
landuse railway
amenity place_of_worship
highway footway
shop department_store
landuse recreation_ground
leisure park
highway trunk

OSM ID: 228724503, predicted classes: 

building
leisure park
highway footway
landuse commercial
highway tertiary_link
shop kiosk
shop department_store
amenity place_of_worship
landuse railway
service parking_aisle

OSM ID: 228724504, predicted classes: 

building
highway tertiary_link
highway footway
leisure park
shop kiosk
shop department_store
amenity place_of_worship
highway tertiary
service parking_aisle
tourism attraction

OSM ID: 228724510, predicted classes: 

building
landuse residential
highway tertiary_link
highway footway
amenity place_of_worship
shop kiosk
shop department_store
leisure park
landuse recreation_ground
highway trunk

OSM ID: 228727478, predicted classes: 

building
highway residential
tourism attraction
amenity place_of_worship
landuse commercial
shop department_store
shop kiosk
landuse recreation_ground
highway trunk
landuse railway

OSM ID: 228727479, predicted classes: 

building
shop kiosk
amenity place_of_worship
shop department_store
highway tertiary_link
landuse railway
tourism attraction
landuse residential
highway trunk
highway footway

OSM ID: 228727480, predicted classes: 

building
highway primary
tourism attraction
amenity place_of_worship
shop kiosk
shop department_store
landuse residential
highway trunk
railway subway
leisure park

OSM ID: 228727481, predicted classes: 

building
highway footway
leisure park
landuse residential
landuse commercial
shop kiosk
shop department_store
highway trunk
amenity place_of_worship
highway tertiary

OSM ID: 228727482, predicted classes: 

building
landuse residential
service parking_aisle
highway service
leisure park
landuse railway
shop kiosk
landuse recreation_ground
shop department_store
highway trunk

OSM ID: 228727483, predicted classes: 

building
shop kiosk
highway service
shop department_store
leisure park
highway trunk
amenity place_of_worship
landuse commercial
highway footway
landuse railway

OSM ID: 228727484, predicted classes: 

building
highway pedestrian
landuse commercial
shop kiosk
highway footway
leisure park
landuse recreation_ground
amenity place_of_worship
tourism attraction
shop department_store

OSM ID: 228727485, predicted classes: 

building
landuse recreation_ground
highway pedestrian
landuse commercial
shop kiosk
leisure park
highway service
landuse residential
shop department_store
highway trunk

OSM ID: 228727486, predicted classes: 

building
amenity place_of_worship
highway service
shop kiosk
shop department_store
leisure park
highway trunk
highway pedestrian
landuse commercial
landuse railway

OSM ID: 228727487, predicted classes: 

building
leisure park
landuse commercial
highway service
service parking_aisle
landuse recreation_ground
shop kiosk
shop department_store
highway trunk
highway tertiary

OSM ID: 228727488, predicted classes: 

building
landuse commercial
highway service
landuse residential
leisure park
shop kiosk
shop department_store
highway primary
amenity place_of_worship
landuse recreation_ground

OSM ID: 228727489, predicted classes: 

building
highway pedestrian
amenity place_of_worship
tourism attraction
shop kiosk
shop department_store
highway trunk
leisure park
landuse commercial
service parking_aisle

OSM ID: 228727490, predicted classes: 

building
landuse residential
highway service
service parking_aisle
shop kiosk
shop department_store
highway trunk
amenity place_of_worship
leisure park
highway pedestrian

OSM ID: 228727491, predicted classes: 

building
highway pedestrian
amenity place_of_worship
tourism attraction
shop kiosk
shop department_store
highway trunk
leisure park
landuse commercial
service parking_aisle

OSM ID: 228727492, predicted classes: 

building
highway footway
highway tertiary_link
leisure park
shop kiosk
shop department_store
amenity place_of_worship
highway pedestrian
landuse railway
service parking_aisle

OSM ID: 228727493, predicted classes: 

building
highway footway
highway tertiary_link
leisure park
landuse commercial
shop kiosk
shop department_store
amenity place_of_worship
highway tertiary
landuse recreation_ground

OSM ID: 228727494, predicted classes: 

building
highway pedestrian
highway footway
landuse commercial
leisure park
shop kiosk
highway service
shop department_store
highway trunk
amenity place_of_worship

OSM ID: 228727495, predicted classes: 

building
highway footway
landuse residential
highway pedestrian
leisure park
landuse commercial
shop kiosk
highway service
shop department_store
highway trunk

OSM ID: 228727496, predicted classes: 

building
landuse residential
service parking_aisle
highway service
leisure park
landuse recreation_ground
shop kiosk
amenity place_of_worship
highway trunk
shop department_store

OSM ID: 228727497, predicted classes: 

building
landuse commercial
highway pedestrian
tourism attraction
leisure park
landuse recreation_ground
shop kiosk
amenity place_of_worship
shop department_store
highway tertiary_link

OSM ID: 228727498, predicted classes: 

building
highway footway
highway tertiary_link
landuse residential
shop kiosk
shop department_store
leisure park
amenity place_of_worship
landuse railway
service parking_aisle

OSM ID: 228727499, predicted classes: 

building
highway tertiary_link
leisure park
shop kiosk
shop department_store
amenity place_of_worship
landuse recreation_ground
highway tertiary
landuse commercial
highway footway

OSM ID: 228727500, predicted classes: 

building
leisure park
amenity place_of_worship
highway service
shop kiosk
shop department_store
highway trunk
highway pedestrian
landuse commercial
landuse recreation_ground

OSM ID: 228727501, predicted classes: 

building
landuse commercial
amenity place_of_worship
landuse recreation_ground
leisure park
highway service
shop kiosk
shop department_store
highway trunk
highway pedestrian

OSM ID: 228727502, predicted classes: 

building
highway footway
highway tertiary_link
shop department_store
shop kiosk
leisure park
amenity place_of_worship
landuse railway
service parking_aisle
tourism attraction

OSM ID: 228727992, predicted classes: 

building
highway primary
landuse residential
amenity place_of_worship
tourism attraction
shop kiosk
shop department_store
highway trunk
landuse recreation_ground
landuse railway

OSM ID: 228727993, predicted classes: 

building
highway tertiary_link
landuse residential
shop department_store
shop kiosk
amenity place_of_worship
landuse railway
leisure park
tourism attraction
landuse recreation_ground

OSM ID: 228727994, predicted classes: 

building
highway tertiary_link
highway footway
leisure park
landuse residential
shop kiosk
shop department_store
highway tertiary
amenity place_of_worship
landuse recreation_ground

OSM ID: 228727995, predicted classes: 

building
amenity place_of_worship
tourism attraction
landuse residential
shop kiosk
highway pedestrian
shop department_store
highway trunk
leisure park
highway service

OSM ID: 228891348, predicted classes: 

building
landuse residential
shop kiosk
highway tertiary_link
amenity place_of_worship
highway footway
shop department_store
landuse railway
leisure park
landuse recreation_ground

OSM ID: 228891349, predicted classes: 

building
landuse railway
shop kiosk
landuse residential
highway primary
amenity place_of_worship
shop department_store
tourism attraction
highway residential
highway trunk

OSM ID: 228891350, predicted classes: 

building
shop kiosk
highway footway
landuse railway
landuse commercial
highway tertiary_link
leisure park
shop department_store
highway pedestrian
amenity place_of_worship

OSM ID: 228891351, predicted classes: 

building
highway footway
highway tertiary_link
shop department_store
shop kiosk
leisure park
amenity place_of_worship
landuse railway
service parking_aisle
tourism attraction

OSM ID: 228891352, predicted classes: 

building
highway footway
landuse commercial
highway tertiary_link
shop kiosk
leisure park
shop department_store
amenity place_of_worship
highway tertiary
landuse recreation_ground

OSM ID: 228891353, predicted classes: 

building
highway pedestrian
landuse commercial
leisure park
landuse recreation_ground
shop department_store
shop kiosk
amenity place_of_worship
tourism attraction
highway trunk

OSM ID: 228891354, predicted classes: 

building
landuse commercial
highway footway
highway tertiary_link
shop kiosk
leisure park
shop department_store
amenity place_of_worship
highway tertiary
landuse recreation_ground

OSM ID: 228891355, predicted classes: 

building
highway primary
railway subway
shop kiosk
amenity place_of_worship
shop department_store
landuse railway
highway tertiary_link
tourism attraction
landuse residential

OSM ID: 228891771, predicted classes: 

building
highway footway
landuse residential
shop kiosk
amenity place_of_worship
shop department_store
highway tertiary_link
landuse railway
tourism attraction
highway trunk

OSM ID: 228891773, predicted classes: 

building
highway tertiary_link
landuse commercial
leisure park
highway pedestrian
landuse recreation_ground
amenity place_of_worship
tourism attraction
shop kiosk
shop department_store

OSM ID: 228891774, predicted classes: 

building
highway tertiary_link
landuse commercial
leisure park
highway pedestrian
landuse recreation_ground
amenity place_of_worship
tourism attraction
shop kiosk
shop department_store

OSM ID: 228891776, predicted classes: 

building
highway pedestrian
highway footway
amenity place_of_worship
tourism attraction
shop kiosk
shop department_store
highway trunk
leisure park
highway service

OSM ID: 228891777, predicted classes: 

building
highway tertiary_link
highway footway
service parking_aisle
highway service
leisure park
landuse commercial
shop kiosk
shop department_store
amenity place_of_worship

OSM ID: 228891779, predicted classes: 

building
highway footway
highway tertiary_link
leisure park
landuse commercial
shop kiosk
shop department_store
amenity place_of_worship
highway tertiary
landuse recreation_ground

OSM ID: 228891781, predicted classes: 

building
highway footway
highway tertiary_link
leisure park
shop kiosk
landuse commercial
shop department_store
landuse recreation_ground
amenity place_of_worship
highway tertiary

OSM ID: 228891782, predicted classes: 

building
highway footway
highway tertiary_link
leisure park
shop kiosk
shop department_store
amenity place_of_worship
highway tertiary
landuse recreation_ground
landuse commercial

OSM ID: 228891784, predicted classes: 

building
landuse residential
highway tertiary_link
highway footway
leisure park
shop kiosk
shop department_store
highway tertiary
amenity place_of_worship
landuse recreation_ground

OSM ID: 228891786, predicted classes: 

building
highway tertiary_link
highway footway
leisure park
shop department_store
shop kiosk
landuse commercial
amenity place_of_worship
highway tertiary
landuse recreation_ground

OSM ID: 228891787, predicted classes: 

building
landuse recreation_ground
highway tertiary_link
shop kiosk
leisure park
shop department_store
landuse residential
landuse commercial
amenity place_of_worship
highway tertiary

OSM ID: 228891789, predicted classes: 

building
landuse commercial
highway footway
highway tertiary_link
shop kiosk
shop department_store
amenity place_of_worship
leisure park
highway tertiary
landuse recreation_ground

OSM ID: 228891791, predicted classes: 

building
highway footway
shop kiosk
highway tertiary_link
shop department_store
amenity place_of_worship
landuse commercial
leisure park
landuse railway
service parking_aisle

OSM ID: 228892666, predicted classes: 

building
highway primary
amenity place_of_worship
tourism attraction
shop kiosk
shop department_store
landuse recreation_ground
highway trunk
leisure park
landuse railway

OSM ID: 228892667, predicted classes: 

building
highway footway
highway pedestrian
landuse commercial
leisure park
landuse residential
landuse recreation_ground
shop department_store
shop kiosk
highway trunk

OSM ID: 228892668, predicted classes: 

building
landuse commercial
leisure park
landuse recreation_ground
amenity place_of_worship
tourism attraction
highway footway
shop kiosk
shop department_store
highway trunk

OSM ID: 228892669, predicted classes: 

building
landuse commercial
leisure park
highway footway
highway service
shop kiosk
shop department_store
highway trunk
amenity place_of_worship
landuse recreation_ground

OSM ID: 228892670, predicted classes: 

building
highway footway
highway tertiary_link
landuse commercial
shop kiosk
shop department_store
amenity place_of_worship
leisure park
highway tertiary
landuse recreation_ground

OSM ID: 228892671, predicted classes: 

building
highway residential
amenity place_of_worship
tourism attraction
shop kiosk
shop department_store
highway trunk
leisure park
highway service
service parking_aisle

OSM ID: 228892672, predicted classes: 

building
highway footway
highway tertiary_link
landuse commercial
shop kiosk
shop department_store
amenity place_of_worship
leisure park
highway tertiary
landuse recreation_ground

OSM ID: 228892673, predicted classes: 

building
highway footway
highway tertiary_link
landuse commercial
shop kiosk
shop department_store
amenity place_of_worship
leisure park
highway tertiary
landuse recreation_ground

OSM ID: 228892674, predicted classes: 

building
leisure park
highway service
shop kiosk
shop department_store
highway trunk
landuse commercial
amenity place_of_worship
landuse recreation_ground
highway tertiary

OSM ID: 228904374, predicted classes: 

building
highway residential
highway tertiary_link
amenity place_of_worship
landuse residential
shop department_store
shop kiosk
tourism attraction
leisure park
landuse recreation_ground

OSM ID: 228904375, predicted classes: 

building
highway footway
highway tertiary_link
landuse residential
amenity place_of_worship
shop department_store
shop kiosk
leisure park
landuse railway
highway tertiary

OSM ID: 228904376, predicted classes: 

building
landuse residential
shop kiosk
highway tertiary_link
shop department_store
amenity place_of_worship
landuse railway
tourism attraction
highway trunk
landuse recreation_ground

OSM ID: 228904377, predicted classes: 

building
leisure park
landuse commercial
highway service
service parking_aisle
shop kiosk
shop department_store
highway trunk
amenity place_of_worship
highway tertiary

OSM ID: 228904378, predicted classes: 

building
highway primary
railway subway
shop kiosk
highway tertiary_link
amenity place_of_worship
shop department_store
landuse railway
tourism attraction
leisure park

OSM ID: 228904379, predicted classes: 

building
shop kiosk
highway footway
landuse railway
landuse commercial
leisure park
landuse recreation_ground
highway pedestrian
landuse residential
shop department_store

OSM ID: 228904380, predicted classes: 

building
shop kiosk
landuse railway
landuse commercial
leisure park
highway pedestrian
landuse recreation_ground
landuse residential
shop department_store
amenity place_of_worship

OSM ID: 228904503, predicted classes: 

building
landuse residential
highway service
landuse commercial
highway primary
leisure park
service parking_aisle
shop kiosk
shop department_store
amenity place_of_worship

OSM ID: 228904504, predicted classes: 

building
landuse recreation_ground
highway pedestrian
landuse commercial
leisure park
amenity place_of_worship
shop kiosk
shop department_store
highway service
highway trunk

OSM ID: 228904505, predicted classes: 

building
landuse commercial
tourism attraction
service parking_aisle
leisure park
amenity place_of_worship
highway pedestrian
landuse recreation_ground
shop kiosk
highway service

OSM ID: 228904506, predicted classes: 

building
highway residential
landuse commercial
tourism attraction
shop department_store
amenity place_of_worship
shop kiosk
landuse railway
highway trunk
leisure park

OSM ID: 228904752, predicted classes: 

building
highway residential
highway tertiary_link
amenity place_of_worship
shop department_store
shop kiosk
tourism attraction
leisure park
landuse railway
highway trunk

OSM ID: 228904753, predicted classes: 

building
landuse residential
highway footway
highway tertiary_link
shop kiosk
shop department_store
amenity place_of_worship
landuse railway
leisure park
landuse recreation_ground

OSM ID: 228904754, predicted classes: 

building
highway pedestrian
highway service
shop kiosk
shop department_store
leisure park
highway trunk
amenity place_of_worship
landuse commercial
landuse railway

OSM ID: 228904755, predicted classes: 

building
highway service
landuse railway
service parking_aisle
leisure park
shop kiosk
shop department_store
highway trunk
amenity place_of_worship
highway tertiary

OSM ID: 228904756, predicted classes: 

building
highway pedestrian
landuse residential
leisure park
landuse commercial
highway service
shop kiosk
shop department_store
highway trunk
amenity place_of_worship

OSM ID: 228904757, predicted classes: 

building
landuse commercial
leisure park
shop kiosk
highway service
shop department_store
highway trunk
amenity place_of_worship
highway tertiary_link
highway tertiary

OSM ID: 228904758, predicted classes: 

building
highway service
shop kiosk
landuse residential
leisure park
shop department_store
highway trunk
amenity place_of_worship
highway tertiary
highway tertiary_link

OSM ID: 228904759, predicted classes: 

building
highway footway
highway pedestrian
amenity place_of_worship
leisure park
landuse commercial
shop kiosk
shop department_store
highway trunk
highway service

OSM ID: 228904760, predicted classes: 

building
amenity place_of_worship
tourism attraction
landuse residential
shop kiosk
shop department_store
highway trunk
landuse recreation_ground
leisure park
landuse railway

OSM ID: 228904761, predicted classes: 

building
amenity place_of_worship
highway tertiary_link
shop department_store
shop kiosk
landuse railway
tourism attraction
leisure park
highway residential
landuse recreation_ground

OSM ID: 228904762, predicted classes: 

building
highway footway
shop kiosk
landuse railway
landuse commercial
highway pedestrian
highway tertiary_link
leisure park
shop department_store
amenity place_of_worship

OSM ID: 228904775, predicted classes: 

building
highway residential
highway tertiary_link
shop kiosk
amenity place_of_worship
shop department_store
tourism attraction
landuse railway
landuse recreation_ground
highway trunk

OSM ID: 228904776, predicted classes: 

building
highway tertiary_link
highway footway
service parking_aisle
highway service
leisure park
landuse commercial
shop kiosk
shop department_store
amenity place_of_worship

OSM ID: 228904777, predicted classes: 

building
landuse residential
amenity place_of_worship
leisure park
tourism attraction
landuse commercial
landuse recreation_ground
highway pedestrian
shop kiosk
shop department_store

OSM ID: 228904778, predicted classes: 

building
highway tertiary_link
landuse residential
shop department_store
shop kiosk
amenity place_of_worship
tourism attraction
leisure park
landuse recreation_ground
highway primary

OSM ID: 228904867, predicted classes: 

building
highway footway
shop kiosk
highway tertiary_link
amenity place_of_worship
shop department_store
landuse railway
tourism attraction
leisure park
highway trunk

OSM ID: 228904869, predicted classes: 

building
shop kiosk
highway tertiary_link
landuse residential
amenity place_of_worship
shop department_store
highway residential
tourism attraction
landuse railway
leisure park

OSM ID: 228904872, predicted classes: 

building
highway footway
highway tertiary_link
leisure park
landuse commercial
shop kiosk
shop department_store
amenity place_of_worship
highway tertiary
landuse recreation_ground

OSM ID: 228904874, predicted classes: 

building
landuse commercial
shop kiosk
highway footway
leisure park
landuse recreation_ground
amenity place_of_worship
tourism attraction
shop department_store
highway pedestrian

OSM ID: 228904876, predicted classes: 

building
highway pedestrian
tourism attraction
shop kiosk
amenity place_of_worship
shop department_store
highway trunk
leisure park
highway service
service parking_aisle

OSM ID: 228904878, predicted classes: 

building
highway service
landuse commercial
leisure park
shop kiosk
shop department_store
highway trunk
amenity place_of_worship
landuse recreation_ground
highway tertiary

OSM ID: 228904880, predicted classes: 

building
landuse commercial
tourism attraction
amenity place_of_worship
landuse recreation_ground
leisure park
landuse railway
shop kiosk
shop department_store
highway trunk

OSM ID: 228904882, predicted classes: 

building
landuse commercial
landuse residential
highway tertiary_link
leisure park
shop kiosk
shop department_store
amenity place_of_worship
highway service
landuse railway

OSM ID: 228904885, predicted classes: 

building
highway tertiary
shop kiosk
amenity place_of_worship
tourism attraction
shop department_store
highway trunk
highway service
service parking_aisle
highway footway

OSM ID: 228904888, predicted classes: 

building
highway footway
highway tertiary_link
leisure park
shop kiosk
shop department_store
amenity place_of_worship
highway tertiary
landuse commercial
landuse recreation_ground

OSM ID: 228904890, predicted classes: 

building
highway footway
highway tertiary_link
leisure park
shop kiosk
landuse commercial
shop department_store
amenity place_of_worship
highway tertiary
landuse recreation_ground

OSM ID: 228904892, predicted classes: 

building
highway footway
highway tertiary_link
landuse residential
shop kiosk
shop department_store
leisure park
amenity place_of_worship
landuse railway
service parking_aisle

OSM ID: 228904894, predicted classes: 

building
highway footway
highway tertiary_link
leisure park
shop kiosk
shop department_store
amenity place_of_worship
highway tertiary
landuse commercial
tourism attraction

OSM ID: 228904896, predicted classes: 

building
highway footway
highway tertiary_link
shop department_store
shop kiosk
leisure park
amenity place_of_worship
landuse railway
service parking_aisle
tourism attraction

OSM ID: 228904898, predicted classes: 

building
highway tertiary_link
shop department_store
amenity place_of_worship
shop kiosk
tourism attraction
leisure park
landuse railway
highway tertiary
highway trunk

OSM ID: 228905001, predicted classes: 

building
landuse railway
tourism attraction
amenity place_of_worship
shop kiosk
shop department_store
highway trunk
highway service
leisure park
highway footway

OSM ID: 228905002, predicted classes: 

building
highway footway
highway tertiary_link
landuse residential
leisure park
shop kiosk
shop department_store
amenity place_of_worship
highway tertiary
landuse recreation_ground

OSM ID: 228905003, predicted classes: 

building
highway pedestrian
landuse commercial
leisure park
landuse recreation_ground
shop kiosk
tourism attraction
amenity place_of_worship
shop department_store
highway trunk

OSM ID: 234328397, predicted classes: 

building
highway primary
shop department_store
amenity place_of_worship
landuse residential
shop kiosk
highway trunk
highway residential
landuse railway
leisure park

OSM ID: 234328398, predicted classes: 

building
highway footway
landuse residential
shop kiosk
highway tertiary_link
shop department_store
landuse railway
amenity place_of_worship
leisure park
landuse commercial

OSM ID: 234328399, predicted classes: 

building
amenity place_of_worship
landuse commercial
highway pedestrian
tourism attraction
leisure park
shop kiosk
shop department_store
highway trunk
highway service

OSM ID: 234328400, predicted classes: 

building
landuse commercial
highway pedestrian
amenity place_of_worship
tourism attraction
leisure park
shop department_store
shop kiosk
highway trunk
highway service

OSM ID: 234328401, predicted classes: 

building
highway residential
tourism attraction
amenity place_of_worship
landuse residential
shop kiosk
shop department_store
highway trunk
landuse railway
leisure park

OSM ID: 234329556, predicted classes: 

building
landuse recreation_ground
landuse residential
highway primary
highway tertiary_link
amenity place_of_worship
shop department_store
shop kiosk
tourism attraction
highway residential

OSM ID: 234329558, predicted classes: 

building
tourism attraction
landuse residential
amenity place_of_worship
shop kiosk
shop department_store
highway trunk
landuse recreation_ground
highway footway
leisure park

OSM ID: 234329559, predicted classes: 

building
highway primary
railway subway
shop kiosk
highway tertiary_link
amenity place_of_worship
shop department_store
tourism attraction
landuse railway
leisure park

OSM ID: 234329560, predicted classes: 

building
landuse residential
highway tertiary_link
shop kiosk
shop department_store
amenity place_of_worship
tourism attraction
leisure park
landuse recreation_ground
highway trunk

OSM ID: 234329561, predicted classes: 

building
highway tertiary_link
shop department_store
amenity place_of_worship
shop kiosk
landuse railway
tourism attraction
landuse residential
highway trunk
leisure park

OSM ID: 234329564, predicted classes: 

building
landuse residential
highway footway
landuse railway
shop kiosk
amenity place_of_worship
shop department_store
tourism attraction
highway trunk
leisure park

OSM ID: 234329565, predicted classes: 

building
highway tertiary_link
landuse residential
shop department_store
shop kiosk
landuse railway
amenity place_of_worship
highway primary
tourism attraction
leisure park

OSM ID: 234329566, predicted classes: 

building
highway residential
shop kiosk
highway tertiary_link
amenity place_of_worship
landuse residential
shop department_store
tourism attraction
landuse railway
highway trunk

OSM ID: 234329568, predicted classes: 

building
highway primary
railway subway
highway tertiary_link
leisure park
shop kiosk
tourism attraction
shop department_store
landuse railway
amenity place_of_worship

OSM ID: 234329570, predicted classes: 

building
highway pedestrian
highway footway
amenity place_of_worship
tourism attraction
shop kiosk
shop department_store
highway trunk
leisure park
highway service

OSM ID: 234329572, predicted classes: 

building
landuse residential
highway service
shop kiosk
shop department_store
highway trunk
amenity place_of_worship
leisure park
highway pedestrian
landuse railway

OSM ID: 234329573, predicted classes: 

building
highway footway
highway tertiary_link
leisure park
shop kiosk
shop department_store
amenity place_of_worship
highway tertiary
landuse commercial
landuse recreation_ground

OSM ID: 234329574, predicted classes: 

building
shop kiosk
highway service
service parking_aisle
landuse commercial
leisure park
landuse recreation_ground
shop department_store
amenity place_of_worship
highway trunk

OSM ID: 234329575, predicted classes: 

building
highway primary
leisure park
shop kiosk
landuse commercial
shop department_store
highway trunk
highway service
amenity place_of_worship
landuse railway

OSM ID: 234329576, predicted classes: 

building
landuse commercial
highway tertiary_link
railway subway
shop kiosk
leisure park
shop department_store
amenity place_of_worship
landuse recreation_ground
landuse railway

OSM ID: 234329577, predicted classes: 

building
landuse residential
highway tertiary_link
highway footway
leisure park
shop kiosk
shop department_store
highway tertiary
amenity place_of_worship
landuse recreation_ground

OSM ID: 234329579, predicted classes: 

building
highway tertiary_link
landuse recreation_ground
landuse residential
shop kiosk
shop department_store
amenity place_of_worship
highway footway
leisure park
landuse railway

OSM ID: 234329580, predicted classes: 

building
highway footway
highway pedestrian
landuse residential
amenity place_of_worship
leisure park
landuse recreation_ground
shop kiosk
shop department_store
highway trunk

OSM ID: 234329582, predicted classes: 

building
highway primary
landuse residential
landuse commercial
shop kiosk
amenity place_of_worship
shop department_store
highway tertiary_link
tourism attraction
landuse railway

OSM ID: 234798399, predicted classes: 

railway subway
highway primary
landuse residential
highway tertiary_link
highway tertiary
highway pedestrian
landuse commercial
service parking_aisle
landuse railway
shop department_store

OSM ID: 234871184, predicted classes: 

building
landuse railway
shop kiosk
highway footway
leisure park
landuse commercial
landuse recreation_ground
landuse residential
shop department_store
amenity place_of_worship

OSM ID: 238976544, predicted classes: 

building
landuse residential
shop department_store
amenity place_of_worship
shop kiosk
highway trunk
landuse railway
leisure park
landuse recreation_ground
highway tertiary

OSM ID: 238976545, predicted classes: 

building
highway primary
railway subway
leisure park
landuse recreation_ground
shop kiosk
highway tertiary_link
amenity place_of_worship
tourism attraction
shop department_store

OSM ID: 238976546, predicted classes: 

building
shop kiosk
landuse recreation_ground
amenity place_of_worship
leisure park
highway tertiary_link
shop department_store
tourism attraction
landuse railway
highway tertiary

OSM ID: 239754345, predicted classes: 

highway footway
highway residential
highway pedestrian
highway service
railway subway
highway trunk
landuse commercial
leisure park
service parking_aisle
shop department_store

OSM ID: 243850910, predicted classes: 

highway primary
highway footway
highway service
highway pedestrian
highway trunk
service parking_aisle
leisure park
shop department_store
highway tertiary
amenity place_of_worship

OSM ID: 244364080, predicted classes: 

highway footway
highway primary
highway service
highway pedestrian
highway residential
service parking_aisle
highway trunk
highway tertiary
leisure park
shop department_store

OSM ID: 244364081, predicted classes: 

highway footway
highway primary
highway service
highway pedestrian
highway trunk
service parking_aisle
highway tertiary
leisure park
shop department_store
landuse commercial

OSM ID: 244364082, predicted classes: 

highway footway
highway primary
highway residential
highway pedestrian
highway tertiary
highway tertiary_link
service parking_aisle
shop kiosk
landuse railway
leisure park

OSM ID: 244364083, predicted classes: 

highway primary
highway footway
highway pedestrian
highway service
building
highway tertiary_link
service parking_aisle
railway subway
leisure park
highway trunk

OSM ID: 250756981, predicted classes: 

highway pedestrian
highway residential
highway service
leisure park
highway tertiary
highway footway
landuse commercial
service parking_aisle
highway tertiary_link
highway trunk

OSM ID: 250756983, predicted classes: 

highway service
highway pedestrian
highway primary
landuse commercial
leisure park
highway tertiary
highway residential
landuse residential
highway tertiary_link
service parking_aisle

OSM ID: 250756985, predicted classes: 

highway residential
highway footway
highway pedestrian
highway service
railway subway
highway trunk
landuse commercial
leisure park
service parking_aisle
shop department_store

OSM ID: 250756987, predicted classes: 

highway primary
highway residential
highway trunk
landuse railway
amenity place_of_worship
highway pedestrian
shop kiosk
highway tertiary
highway tertiary_link
railway subway

OSM ID: 250756988, predicted classes: 

highway residential
highway primary
highway footway
tourism attraction
highway tertiary
highway tertiary_link
service parking_aisle
amenity place_of_worship
shop department_store
landuse commercial

OSM ID: 250756990, predicted classes: 

highway pedestrian
highway primary
highway residential
highway tertiary_link
landuse residential
highway service
highway tertiary
service parking_aisle
highway footway
landuse commercial

OSM ID: 251945766, predicted classes: 

highway footway
highway residential
highway pedestrian
highway service
railway subway
highway trunk
landuse commercial
leisure park
service parking_aisle
shop department_store

OSM ID: 251945768, predicted classes: 

highway footway
highway pedestrian
landuse residential
highway residential
highway service
highway trunk
highway primary
highway tertiary
service parking_aisle
leisure park
